Only the blade is honest

Ashes know what flames forget.



    Only the blade is honest
    The dead carry no grudges, only wounds
    Ashes remember what flames consumed



    Kazimir gets stuck inside of creature on the Darkness Sea



    Darkness sea created by the blood of darkness after his death



    I want to see a flower someday



    Kazimir kills dude in the party, put on his vuglar mask and is known as the traitor


    romance should grow like a scar. slow, painful, and permanent.

    Champion of Light. prophesy, that one day a champion will rise from the ashes of Light and rid the world of its corruption.
                    This off course being Selis

  
    

    Crown of Longing

     

    [Screams of the Fallen]
    Description: You can recall upon the screams of the fallen




    I will never die for I am everything and everyone

    boy that lives infinite lives but keeps meeting the same girl.

    scoietty that lives underground in tunnels made by monsters

    Kazimir kills traitor but is remembered as the tratior instead

    Selis burns herself and the world when she sees Kazimir die

    hidden aspect, you must lose something you love more than anything.

     

    music to lure something away


    At "night," the sky weeps thick black rain that burns skin and drives men mad if they stare too long.


    Giant swamp area




    the brightest smiles can hide the darkest of sufering


    prophesy of Kazimir dying, Selis does everything to prevent it.



    Bad words weigh more than bad actions

    the best way not to lose is to never play at all



    waterfall going upwards



    Eternal dance of convergance and seperation.

    Daemon mask given to bastard

    tourney

    beast kept for warfare and entertainment

    Secret family art

    sillent valley
    hanging isles

    shallow sea

    the moving islands

    islands atop animals

    mountain keep

    romance between ghost and human, human becomes ghost, they life together forever




    Beast that shows deepest desire to lure prey

    duel where both participants die

    giant tower from which criminals are hanged

    giant planet with a hole in it that looks like an eye

    cycle within cycle within cycle

    monster that traps prey in cycles

    flesh eating plant

    we're all slaves towards life

    when all stars have faded and the univese will stars anew over and over and over you will see

    text that is only revlealed when you know the method to reveal it

    puzzles are meant to be solved

    dependce is slavery independence is freedom

    flaw, you burn everything you touch

    keep your blade sharp and your mind sharper

    since when was this world fair

    academy with different factions and houses

    pride in name, and gang

    death is for the weak

    sword that is extremely sharp and can cut through antyhing but is brittle and undurable

    humans yearn for constancy in an everchanging world

    men are either builders or destroyers and i am done destroynig



    Shadow Hunters

    ong lost civilization made temples to comute with the great old ones, however they went extinct. great powers in the temples

    prophesy of astronomers, when the moons align

    Dead wood, forest in the abyss

    Tapestry of Fear. dude trapped in loop tapestry

    Moon is a giant eye



    Weeping sword




    Tears of the Forgotten

